[Music]
hey what's up guys
today i'll show you an epic historical
adventure film apocalypto
spoiler ahead watch out and take care
in the mesoamerican rainforest where the
mayan civilization is evolving from
barbarism
an unnamed primitive tribe led by
jaguar's father
are preying on the wild animals they
know well to chase and kill their
targets
with traps set up in advance while
celebrating a good harvest day there
they encounter a procession of refugees
who explains that the warfare ravaged
their lands
and they have to flee elsewhere for a
new beginning
with some fish offered as a present the
group's leader asks for permission to
pass through the jungle
which is dominated by the current
primitive tribe
seeing that the visitors were in fear
and despair of some unknown powerful
enemies
the father gives his permission but
urges his son jaguar
never to allow fear to infect him
later that night the tribe gather around
an elder who shares his opinions that
people with endless desires
and greediness despite having all the
gifts of the world offered to him
will continue blindly taking until
there's nothing left in the world for
him to take
the following early morning jaguar wakes
up from a nightmare
where the fleeing group's leader with
his bloody heart in hand
suffers great pain and urges him to run
right away
believing that it's a bad sign to him he
turns to worry that something terrible
may happen to the small village which is
actually approached
and besieged by another mayan tribe led
by the leader zero wolf
zero wolf launches a sudden attack on
the village right then
and sets the huts on fire many villagers
get caught and killed
before they could make any effective
resistance
during the chaos jaguar lowers his
pregnant wife and their young son into a
fit for shelter
while returning to the battle in rage
jaguar fights hard against the powerful
enemies
saves his father from the sadistic
raider middle eye and nearly kills him
but unfortunately he's then captured up
since it's not allowed to kill the
captured strong adults to be used as
their sacrifices to god
he enraged middle-eyed turns to kill the
old father before jaguar
as a return for the humiliation suffered
from him
the surviving adults in the village are
tied up together and taken on a long
forced march through the jungle
leaving the children behind to fend for
themselves in fear and despair
while jaguar's wife and son remained
trapped in the deep pit
undiscovered to the raiders on the
journey jaguar happens to see the
previous fleeing group
who is also captured up later by the
raiders
in following days the captives are
forced to cross the deep river
and climb over steep cliffs while
suffering brutal torture from the
raiders
with some losing their lives on their
way to the mayan city of the raiders
origin
they marched through the raised forests
and vast fields of failed crops due to
the drought
alongside villages decimated by an
unknown disease
they then pass a little girl infected
with a horrible plague
and try to push her away who however
seems to be possessed suddenly with some
evil spirit
and begins to prophesize the end of the
mayan world by the time the daylight is
covered
and the man possessed by the panther
revives from the dirt
the captives are later brought to the
mayan city where numerous slave laborers
are struggling through a harsh and
hazardous condition to build massive
pyramid-like temples
that are used to execute those male
captives as sacrifices to god
while the females are brought to the
crowded market and sold into slavery
it's revealed that the mayan community
has been suffering from the drought and
plague
for a pretty long time with unknown
causes
they then resort to almighty god and
pray for its forgiveness
by executing the captives as sacrifices
those chosen to be the sacrifice are
painted blue on their bodies
before being escorted to the top of the
pyramid where the priest performs the
sacrificial ceremony to appease god
during the process the priest cuts open
a captive's body
takes the bloody heart out and shows it
to the cheering civilians below
after that he chops down the captives
head and throws the body pieces down the
steps
as jaguar is laid out on the altar a
solar eclipse happens right at that time
and the daylight is soon covered up
making people below become more
fanatical towards the sacrifice ceremony
which however is stopped by the priest
for he believes that the gods are
satisfied with the blood
thanks to that the rest of the captains
are spared their lives temporarily
but later taken to the range as target
practice for the mayan soldiers
some captives are shot dead right away
before they can run
any further jaguar manages to survive
the arrow reign
and runs almost to the edge of the range
before he shot down
and badly injured to everyone's surprise
he then tricks to kill a careless
soldier zero wolf son
before escaping away from the range
sorrow for the death of his son zero
wolf bursts into anger
and orders his men to chase after jaguar
while running out of the cornfields
jaguar is soon horrified by numerous
dead bodies abandoned in a swamp land
which shows the brutality of such a
mayan tribe
because of that he knows he has to
overcome his fear in order to survive
the hunting from the pursuers behind
back into the jungle jaguar climbs up a
tree for shelter
but is confronted by a panther who runs
after him tightly
but later kills a chasing raider instead
although the fellow raiders take the
panthers attack as a bad omen to their
community
especially when considering the
prophesies made by the little girl
previously
zero wolf orders them to keep searching
the jungle for the escaping jaguar
but jaguar still runs at large for he
seems to be more adaptable to the jungle
life
the next early morning the raiders lose
another member due to the snake attack
they keep chasing in later corner jaguar
to a dead end near a cliff
where the water falls into the deep
bottom in fear though
jaguar takes the courage to plunge
towards the bottom
and survive the water impact luckily
he then challenges zero wolf and the
raiders for their barbaric invasions
and claims that this territory should be
dominated by his tribe
humiliated by the challenge zero wolf
kills one of his men
who proposes to bypass the waterfall and
demands the rest to jump down from the
high immediately
resulting in another member's death
later jaguar gets stuck in a muddy swamp
but he struggles to overcome his fear
and finally free himself out in the
subsequent hunt and runs
he fights the raiders back with a
beehive and kills one of them with a
self-made poisonous arrow
during his confrontation with mili who
killed his father
jaguar is driven by the rage and runs
towards the guy
he then gives middle eye a deadly strike
in his head killing him immediately
however the drought breaks unexpectedly
and heavy rain begins to fall
threatening to drown his wife and son
who are still trapped in the deep that
despite their attempt to escape what's
worse
the wife gives birth to another son
who's born under the surface of the
dangerously rising water
however jaguar is still busy with his
escape
giving him no opportunity to rescue his
family
later despite his being shot down by the
approaching zero wolf
jaguar stands up to confront him under
the great pain
surprisingly the zero wolf comes to give
jaguar a final shot
he happens to trigger a trap set on the
ground which kills him immediately
the remaining two raiders chased the
exhausted jaguar all the way to the
beach
where however the two stop their attack
upon catching sight of the spanish ships
anchored off the coast and making their
way ashore
while the two raiders start walking
towards the giant ships out of curiosity
jaguar flees back to the pit at his last
strength and saves them out before it's
too late
soon after that jaguar and his family
returned to the jungle with his tribe
hoping to restart their peaceful life as
before
however while looking out over the
strangers of higher level civilization
landing on the territory in the far
distance they seem to show some strange
worries about their future
this is daniel cc movie channel peace
out